It was a dark night, and when I say dark, I mean it in every possible meaning of the word.
Humans...who considered themselves the masters of the world just perished. The last human being standing on earth, was standing on a cliff, getting ready to give up her life in the despair of loneliness, 
knowing that you will never be able to see your loved ones ever again is traumatising even for the most trivial creatures and this is a human being we are talking about.
She faced the cold air from the abyss hit her face, voices called out to her. She felt like she belonged to the abyss and just as she was going to jump down... she turned back to look at the earth that once held the most interesting life form ever.
As she was wiping tears of her face, she saw a rat, it was rather tiny, more like a mouse. It was fickle, wasn't that plump. An owl waited on a nearby tree waiting to snoop down on the rat once it leaves the burrow.

The rat had to do two things to in order to survive that night, stay in the burrow but it had every reason not to, it was a very cold night and the winter winds were howling. The owl kept watching and the rat kept sitting it its burrow. 
It dug a tunnel underneath the ground, but ended up hitting solid rock, and couldn't dig anymore. The rat then did the unthinkable, it climbed out of the burrow and started running, she thought it was the end of the rat,
but, the rat made it safely into another hole in the ground, which hopefully had food in it.

She looked at this and started laughing, humans are like these rats, and like when it was in the first burrow, they are pressurized by the problems they have, the answer is simple, change the burrow, ITS A SHORT RISKY RUN!!, but we refuse to run, because unlike the rat that acknowledged the fact that it wasn't free, we think we are. Truth is we are not free, we have never been. We have given ourselves rules and we call them the moral code and the human society, never once looked backed to check who cares!
Are we free ?
